You probably don't need to install Prettier (#2845)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/editor-setup.mdx

### Prettier

> If you're using the [Astro VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=astro-build.astro-vscode) or [the Astro LSP within another editor](#other-code-editors), code formatting is included. Otherwise, you can use [Prettier](https://prettier.io/), a popular formatter for JavaScript, HTML, CSS and more. 
> 
> To add support for formatting `.astro` files, use [the official Astro Prettier plugin](https://github.com/withastro/prettier-plugin-astro).

Reviewer: Thanks for investigating this, Dan!

This phrasing makes it seem like the built-in formatter is _not_ Prettier:

> If X, code formatting is included. Otherwise, Prettier.

What do you think of this phrasing? I also avoided the “LSP” acronym for clarity:

```suggestion
[Prettier](https://prettier.io/) is a popular formatter for JavaScript, HTML, CSS and more. If you're using the [Astro VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=astro-build.astro-vscode) or [the Astro language server within another editor](#other-code-editors), code formatting with Prettier is included.

If you want to use Prettier without Astro’s language server, for example to run [Prettier’s CLI](https://prettier.io/docs/en/cli.html), you can add support for formatting `.astro` files with [the official Astro Prettier plugin](https://github.com/withastro/prettier-plugin-astro).
```

Author: LGTM!

> [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) is a popular formatter for JavaScript, HTML, CSS and more. If you're using the [Astro VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=astro-build.astro-vscode) or [the Astro language server within another editor](#other-code-editors), code formatting with Prettier is included.
> 
> If you want to use Prettier without Astro’s language server, for example to run [Prettier’s CLI](https://prettier.io/docs/en/cli.html), you can add support for formatting `.astro` files with [the official Astro Prettier plugin](https://github.com/withastro/prettier-plugin-astro).

Reviewer 2: Missing commas!
```suggestion
[Prettier](https://prettier.io/) is a popular formatter for JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and more. If you're using the [Astro VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=astro-build.astro-vscode) or [the Astro language server within another editor](#other-code-editors), code formatting with Prettier is included.

If you want to use Prettier without Astro’s language server, for example, to run [Prettier’s CLI](https://prettier.io/docs/en/cli.html), you can add support for formatting `.astro` files with [the official Astro Prettier plugin](https://github.com/withastro/prettier-plugin-astro).
```

> If you want to use Prettier without Astro’s language server, for example, to run [Prettier’s CLI](https://prettier.io/docs/en/cli.html), you can add support for formatting `.astro` files with [the official Astro Prettier plugin](https://github.com/withastro/prettier-plugin-astro).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To add support for formatting .astro files outside of the editor (e.g. CLI) or inside editors that don't support our editor tooling, install the official Astro Prettier plugin.
```
